doc: clarify LTS bit flip process (#496)
nodejs/Release: README.md

New even-numbered versions (e.g. v6, v8, v10, etc) are cut in April. New
odd-numbered versions (e.g. v5, v7, v9) are cut in October.

> In co-ordination with a new *odd-numbered* major release being cut, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In coordination with a new *odd-numbered* major release being cut, the
```

previous *even-numbered* major version will transition to the Long Term Support
plan. The transition to Long Term Support can happen either before or after

> the new major-version is cut in a Semver-Minor release following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the new major version is cut in a Semver-Minor release following
```
